Hi, guys.
Walker Now, in the next few lectures, we are going to start using asset management with provider.
Okay.
But before then, what you are going to do is we are going to recreate this model.
Now, over this model's directory, we are going to create a new PHI and we are going to call this PHI
products dot dot.
Now.
Again, it's just this close to that flight.
But since it saves all this data over here, we can't just leave it for now.
Okay.
Now, again, it's contributing to this wide.
Then they're going to create a class and able to call this class.
That's right.
Okay for dogs then?
They're going to need to have this.
Okay.
Now the first field we are going to need is the height of the product.
So you can say fine a.
It is a string, then it.
Then we as well need the title of the product.
So you can just call this title or you can call your product name or whatever.
Okay.
As well, we need to distribute distribution of the products.
So string.
This creates.
Shell.
Right.
Fine.
We also need the prize.
FINA This is going to be double.
Basically something that has you can say 0.14.5, right?
Like a decimal point.
Okay.
So this is the type of double, which is just a type of number.
So we can call this price.
That is the price of the products.
Okay.
And then we can have.
A finer.
There's been a of string.
Then the image.
You can just see images as well.
That is the product image.
And as you know, the images from the firebase with us will be a next walk image.
Okay.
And that's all I know.
Is going to be strange, right?
In the product category name.
That is the name of the category.
Okay as well.
We can't have the quantity.
So it's you can see fine as well.
Okay.
And.
Where there's going to be call for their that's on.
Quantity.
I think I'm a horrible speller.
Okay, great.
Now the next thing is to pass it on to the constructor.
To simply do that, all we have to do is over here alight and use control dots.
Okay.
Now.
Create constructor for final fields.
If you can't key onto that, you can just easily close the fly to open it.
Okay.
Now I will make this a name I'll give you.
We're going to make this.
We're going to have a.
The supplier.
And.
This as well.
Okay.
Now, what we need to do is to either make it required or make it not required in order to avoid it
from being required.
You just need to do your work to set it can't be null.
Okay.
Well, we we're going to make this required.
So anytime code is class code products, we need to pass this ID.
That is the ideal product.
So you can make this required.
As well make this required.
Okay.
Rick, this.
Just go with this.
This.
Okay.
Required.
He's going to be required.
And finally.
Required.
Okay.
So we have one, two, two, four, five, six, seven, seven fields.
That is the idea of the product.
The title of the product, which you can enable to put up name or the name of the product.
Then the description of the product, the price of the product, which is going to take the 0 to $39.
You can see it's going to take a decimal point.
So that's the reason.
It is a type of.
Double.
And the double is a type of lover.
You can see the value.
So say type of lover.
Okay.
The Himanshu URL of the product.
We call it the URL because it's going to be a network image because the products are going to recover
from the cloud base.
So it's going to have the issue to be and so once it is a URL, then the category of the.
You product category name, right.
And the quantity, that is how many items we added to our carts.
Right.
Okay.
Now for no reason.
Please don't delay this for now because you can see the schools will assess all of our data that is
being displayed here.
Right.
So for so it also because of that, you don't need to delete this close bullet and your future.
We're going to get rid of this.
Because we are using this clause to using this fly via.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.